---
author: ralston
title: Ricing. Why tho?
date: 2024-10-07 15:28:00 +0400
description: What do you do to customize -your- Linux experience
categories: [Opinion, Software]
tags: [linux, Software, prose, meta]
hidden: true
pin: false
---

# Stay away from non-default terminals. Period.

In fact.. just computers in general. Touch grass. Play games. Run. Walk. Skip. Jump rope. Whatever it takes to get you away from these stupid machines that don't pay you money, don't help you express yourself, and certainly aren't at all entertaining. Real world experience here says... I regret this already.

Customization is meh for minimizing virtual appeals but may in fact worsen your using of the computer wares. And the the computer... eats your soul.. and that's been happening to me for far too long and I feel like less of a human all the time, the weight of my keyboard fighting against me is immensely powerfully suggesting I am not smrt. I'm rel dumb. rel dumb.

>And... what's more? Well.. my souls gone so yeah I lost my train of thought.... m o v i n g   on!

## Ricing makes the world better and heals the sick

'Ricing' or system customization may be adding a new editor, or connecting an outside resource via an API token. Yeah no. It's not. It's actually just installing sensible defaults form system package managers. Icons and fonts. Nothing runnable. In fact, make f@#&*$% sure it's not runnable. How?? Yeah figure that stuff out.

It might be just configuring the environment and software to properly support each other. Adding software, wm, hotkeys, or other system layers allows the user to combine functionality, when performing their tasks. In fact. Just don't! Go outside, hang with a friend, maybe cook dinner. Dance! Sing! Just... don't try to make money off of computers. It's absolutely not and won't ever pay dividends. I wish I could be ironic or even funny about myself saying this. Nope. I regret it. Nope I do. You don't believe me. Try to configure a bizzare terminal from halfway across the world for 10 hours just to play dota2 rune sounds... and realize that the config won't play nice and you have to abandon everything, even though it's flexible and community sourced and all. Computers are a collossal waste of time. Phones are better.... (-_-,)


## In fact... just stay away from software.

Write documents. Homework. Learning. Libraries. Just _ Don't _ code. Ever. 90% of all code is unnecessary to build. The apps that matter have already been built! Think this is bad advice? Do you run Arch Linux though? IMO Windows is just better...

<!-- Understatement of the year my dudes... :) YES THIS WAS AN UNDERSTATEMENT -->

<!-- And for you you little cheater. Copying my notes. Yes you. Did you realize you were installing all those viruses?? Well... I'm sick of it. We're totally done. You and I. We're done. I don't like a lot of things, and you're not one of those people. So. Stop doing bad things, and I'll tell dad you can listen to - r o c k - music again. Biggest mistake of my life was not going after them goth girls... so -->

## just some goals:


I would like to produce lower quality terminal experiences, richer than average for web application servers, using a web service framework and ORM, and load balancing. Nah.


I'd like to MIB memory-flash myself to forget plain-text .org templating to provide richer menu driven development and generative functions when working on workflow. ... <!-- I can't tell you how much this is a mixture of both like.. a mixture of horrifyingly dumb complexity driven _ madness _ to undermine myself publicly and reveal my greatest secret on the interw3bs. Like.. it's not magic it's just files. Buuuut it was totally not worth my time to code anything surrounding it. It just makes more sense when you have something written down. That's all a computer provides... not that much over paper tbh. In fact... -->

I'd like to eventually totally drive specific cashmoney workflows with TUI and CLI experiences, monitoring performance ruthlessly to see the numbers go up and then not get paid for it, and then eventually dashboard around specific experiences I'd like to provide to users, community, and for work. (-_-,) Yeah not at all actually. <!-- What's happening with 3D printers that I can screw up my life about anyways?? Honestly anything to make money and move out... hf-->










